And so forth.
5 minutes skyrocketed a hundredfold
That's not going to happen.
Yes, I have been waiting for the summer chamber of commerce for several years
Never seen anything like this
Could it be that behind all this
There was no intention
I see, yeah.
Think about it.
As the saying goes, shopping malls are like battlefields.
No eternal friends
Only eternal interests
Who would inject so much money into him for no reason?
Night market group
I know, Mr. Zhang
He has only one possibility in this situation
Before
God send the truth
Did you collude with an underground bank to make transactions?
Take our night market group to make money
Do you know what the consequences of this are?
The consequence is that the night market will be closed down
The night market group will suddenly collapse
And you give it every night
It will become the dragon that everyone shouts and beats
Only this possibility can help the world perfectly
Your ignorance
It's beyond my imagination
Such a large amount of money flowed into Great Xia
If it is an illegal channel
How can it be so unimpeded?
We are ignorant
You've done so many outrageous things, who will believe it?
Chu Guoxi, have you been beaten enough?
You follow the mouth of this group of people
It just makes me sick
I'm sick of you being high
Do you dare to publish the registered list?
Do I dare to show you?